## Usable Security Blog
### April,20, 2020
Ethnography, the study of interactions and reactions of different social cultures. Researchers need to gather observations, interviews, and documentary data for detailed accounts of different social phenomena. When companies are close to the final release of a product, they try to have unbiased test groups come in to use their product. Their reactions are important to judge how close the product is for release. However, I never have thought about Ethnography in relation to technology. How one service or application can work great in the united states, but the success my not work in other countries. It is helpful when releasing products and services in different countries. I see this being an important stage when developing a hacker methodology map, as discussed in my previous post. Paul Dourish brings up the use of Ethnography and points out that it is hard to pinpoint where the reactions come from. You cant just be a “tape recorder”, a ethnographer must go farther in depth.  

The Field Guide to Human-Centered Design: Design Kit. IDEO.org, 2015.


Star, Susan Leigh. “The Ethnography of Infrastructure.” American Behavioral Scientist, vol. 43, no. 3, 1999, pp. 377–391., doi:10.1177/00027649921955326.


Dourish, Paul. "Implications for Design." CHI 2006. 2006.

### April,17, 2020
This week, we read an academic paper called Norman DesignX sociotechnical systems. This paper showed how designers now face the challenge of designing complex sociotechnical systems. It explains that designers need to be a part of the implementation stage. This is because not everyone processes and understands the same way that others do. This paper also explained the concept of release products using different methodologies. The hacker methodology means that the designer should know the entirety of their products impact on everyone and everything before releasing the final product. In a perfect world, I may agree with that methodology. However, in many times over the engineer or designer will release a product that was used entirely in a different way than it was intended for. The keyword being intended. No one can accurately foresee the use case of their product. Even if they could, designing their product around every possible use case will result in something that is bad at everything. For example, if GM just made one type of vehicle. If GM tried to make a car that is comfortable but sporty, small and economical, Burly with a lot of torque for pulling, Low to the ground for handling while being able to go off road. That will result in one really bad vehicle, but it takes into account every possible use case that someone might use it for. That just wont work. Therefore, GM makes economical cars, comfy cars, sporty cars, trucks, etc. Designing your product needs to be for a specific use case. 

One interesting topic that was brought up, was the fact that people tend to engineer systems and services by breaking them down into components. Components that are usually responsible for 1 process, and usually don’t have more than a linear relation with the other components of the system. Because of this, ideas or possible designs that don’t meet most peoples thinking process are thrown out. I have a hard time materializing that statement. I don’t know how to quantify which ideas were amazing but had to be thrown out because it didn’t fit our way of thinking. The issue with this argument is for something to be widely used and adopted, it needs to be understood by many on how it operates. Think of vehicles or open source programs, if only a few people knew how to work on cars because they were so complex, no one would have them. If only a few people could work on a open source program, that program wouldn’t exist or it would be very barebones. Complex products and services need to be made of components; they need to be modular so everyone can understand. Systems also must be continuously updated to keep up with new technology, or it will be unusable. 

Norman, D. A., & Stappers, P. J. (2015). DesignX: Complex SociotechnicalSystems. She Ji, 83–107. Retrieved from http://www.journals.elsevier.com/she-ji-the-journal-of-design-economics-and-innovation

